
Introduction: Hone is a program which converts CSV files into nested JSON files. It is written in Python and utilizes built-in libraries like csv, json, argparse or contextlib to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. The program should be able to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability.
Goals: The main goal of Hone is to convert CSV files into nested JSON files. In addition to that it should be possible to set variables like custom delimiters for the delimiters of the CSV file which the user refers to or a schema variable which allows the user to set a template for the output of the nested JSON file. The aforementioned variables have to be optional.
Features and Functionalities: Hone should be able to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. It should also be possible to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability. In addition to that there have to be two required variables with the CSV- and the JSON filepath.
Supporting Data Description: The program should be able to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability. In addition to that there have to be two required variables with the CSV- and the JSON filepath.
Technical Constraints: The program should be written in Python and utilize built-in libraries like csv, json, argparse or contextlib to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. Furthermore no external dependencies are required for the core functionality.
Requirements: Hone should be able to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. It should also be possible to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability. In addition to that there have to be two required variables with the CSV- and the JSON filepath.
Dependencies: The program should be written in Python and utilize built-in libraries like csv, json, argparse or contextlib to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. Furthermore no external dependencies are required for the core functionality.
Acceptance Criteria: Hone should be able to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. It should also be possible to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability. In addition to that there have to be two required variables with the CSV- and the JSON filepath.
Terms/Concepts Explanation: Hone is a program which converts CSV files into nested JSON files. It is written in Python and utilizes built-in libraries like csv, json, argparse or contextlib to parse CSV files and generate respective nested JSON files. The program should be able to deal with different delimiters which might be used for CSV files. Furthermore the generated nested JSON files need to have proper indentations and sorted keys for better readability. In addition to that there have to be two required variables with the CSV- and the JSON filepath. Apart from the mentioned libraries no external dependencies are required for the core functionality.